Update creating-classes.md (#2393)
enkidevs/curriculum: python/core/classes-i/creating-classes.md

Classes are *templates* which can be used to create objects. They *encapsulate* variables and methods[1] into a single entity, defining a general behavior for that entity (object) to follow.

Classes are defined with the `class` keyword and use Python's block structure[2]:

```python
class Employee:
   count = 0
```

> To create a class is also called to "instantiate" and is done like so:

Reviewer: what do you think about this?
```suggestion
To create a class (also called to "instantiate") is done like so:
```

```python
empty_empl = Employee()
```

> However, what we just created is an empty *Employee* class. The newly instantiated object can't do anything. It needs a method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, what we just created is an empty `Employee` class. The newly instantiated object can't do anything. It needs a method.
```

> To define a method, for instance, the `__init__` method, we would have to do something like this:

Reviewer: what do you think about this?
```suggestion
To define a method (e.g. the `__init__` method) we would have to do something like this:
```

    self.idnum = Employee.count
```

The `__init__` method is the *initialization method* and it's called when you create a new instance of the class.

> Now that we have the initialization method we can pass some information when creating a new Employee:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that we have the initialization method we can pass some information when creating a new `Employee`:
```

To explain what methods are, let's take a look at an example.

Think of a car as the object. The model, color or age of the car are the object's attributes. Whether the engine is on, or whether it's moving, are behaviors and would exist as methods.

[2: Block Structure]

> A block structure in python is determined with indentation.

Reviewer: how does this sound?
```suggestion
Block structures in Python are determined by their indentation.
```

Take this piece of code for instance:
```python

> class Employee:
>     company = 'Enki'
> 
>     def __init__(self):
>         print('Hello Enki')
>  
>     def message(self):
>         print('Welcome to Enki')
>  
> emp = Employee() # Created an Instance
> 
> print('My company is:', emp.company)
> emp.message()

Reviewer: for the other examples in this insight we used 2 spaces for indentation. let's do the same for this code block:
```suggestion
class Employee:
  company = 'Enki'

  def __init__(self):
    print('Hello Enki')
 
  def message(self):
    print('Welcome to Enki')
 
emp = Employee() # Created an Instance

print('My company is: ', emp.company)
emp.message()
```

```

> In the "class Employee" block scope, we have the `def __init__` and `def message` methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the block scope of the `Employee` class, we have the `__init__` and `message` methods.
```

Each of the two methods has its block scope with only a `print` statement within.

Next, we have three 'one-liners' with no block scope. 

> The `Employee` class can access both methods because they are in its block scope. (Shown with indentation.) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Employee` class can access both methods because they are in its block scope (shown with indentation). 
```

> The first code that is not a part of the class is the `emp = Employee()` instantiation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first line of code that is not a part of the `Employee`'s block scope is the instantiation `emp = Employee()`.
```
